#summary How to install Aion CMS.

= Setting config.php  =

Open config.php with your text editor and fill all the needed information:

// sql credentials

define("sql_host","localhost");
define("sql_user","root");
define("sql_pass","aion");
define("Logindb","aengine_ls");
define("Gamedb","aengine_gs");
define("Cmsdb","aion_cms");
$conn = @mysql_connect(sql_host, sql_user, sql_pass) or die(mysql_error());

//Vote & Redeem System

define("RPPV1",8); //vote points for vote-link 1 etc
define("RPPV2",3);
define("RPPV3",3);
define("RPPV4",2);
define("RPPV5",2);
define("RPPV6",2);
define("RPPV7",3);
define("RPPV8",2);
define("RPPV9",1);

// Donate System
define(SITE_URL,"http://127.0.0.1:8096"); // COMPLETE url to your web site, NO TRAILING SLASH!
define(SYS_PATH,"/"); // Path to the directory this file is in, beginning with a slash.
define(CURRENCY_CODE,"USD"); // Currency code to be used by PayPal.
define(CURRENCY_CHAR,"$"); // Symbol representing your currency code.
define(PAYPAL_URL,"www.paypal.com"); // Only change this for sandbox testing.
define(PAYPAL_EMAIL,"ntemos@live.com"); // The account that donations will go to.
define(ACP_USERNAME,"admin"); // Username to access the log 
define(ACP_PASSWORD,"admin"); // Password to access the log

// Mail information.
define(MAIL_SUBJECT,"Thank You"); // Subject of the reward mail.
define(MAIL_BODY,"Thank you for supporting our server! Here is your reward!"); // Mail message.


= Go to installer =

*After uploading the Aion CMS folder into your webserver , open it in browser , it will lead you to installer page.

*Fill all the needed gaps and press install.

*Delete install folder and refresh page.